minor rework home screen (#773)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/README.md

This is [Wasabi Wallet's](https://wasabiwallet.io) open source documentation.
Here you will find information about the nuances of privacy in Bitcoin, how Wasabi solves some of the existing problems, and how you can use this tool to defend yourself.

> If you find a typo and know how to make the documentation better, please contribute [on GitHub](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc/)!

Reviewer: I think it would be better to talk about contributing in general not only typos.
```suggestion
Everyone is welcome to make the Wasabi Wallet documentation better, by contributing [on GitHub](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc/)!
```
